## Background {.page_break_before}
The Background section should explain the relevant context and the specific issue that the software described is intended to address.

## Implementation {.page_break_before}
- check codon table for minimal column names, the sum of all amino acids are 1 + 0.02 
- codon limit ensures that all amino acids have atleast 1 avaialbel codon. 

This should include a description of the overall architecture of the software implementation, along with details of any critical issues and how they were addressed.

## Results {.page_break_before}
This should include the findings of the study including, if appropriate, results of statistical analysis which must be included either in the text or as tables and figures. This section may be combined with the Discussion section for Software articles.

## Discussion (if appropriate) {.page_break_before}
The user interface should be described and a discussion of the intended uses of the software, and the benefits that are envisioned, should be included, together with data on how its performance and functionality compare with, and improve, on functionally similar existing software. A case study of the use of the software may be presented. The planned future development of new features, if any, should be mentioned.

## Conclusions {.page_break_before}
This should state clearly the main conclusions and provide an explanation of the importance and relevance of the case, data, opinion, database or software reported.

## Availability and Requirements {.page_break_before}
Lists the following:
- Project name: reversetranslate
- Project home page: https://github.com/greg-botwin/reversetranslate
- Operating system(s): This software has successfully been tested on macOS, Ubuntu, & Microsoft Windows operating systems.
- Programming language: R
- Other requirements: R 3.1 or higher and additional package dependicies all found on CRAN. 
- License: GNU General Public License v3.0.
- Any restrictions to use by non-academics: No additional restrictions, please see license information. 

## List of abbreviations {.page_break_before}
If abbreviations are used in the text they should be defined in the text at first use, and a list of abbreviations should be provided.
